The author of forty-five New York Times bestselling novels, Sandra Brown is one of the romance world’s most acclaimed writers. Rendezvous magazine has praised her as a novelist whose “larger than life heroes and heroines make you believe all the warm, wonderful, wild things in life.” Now, in the classic romantic tradition her fans have come to love, here is another sexy and extraordinary tale of passion—the story of a woman who gives up fame and fortune...and discovers true love in the last place she expected to find it. The Rana Look The modeling world called it the Rana Look...the exotic, one-of-a-kind allure that only supermodel Rana Ramsey could deliver. With her green eyes, olive skin, and wildly lustrous auburn hair, Rana posed for ad campaigns and strutted down runways all over the world, naming her own price to sell everything from cosmetics to women’s lingerie. But all of that suddenly ended one day when she looked her demanding mother-manager in the eye and said, “Enough.” That was the day Rana packed her things and left New York—and modeling—forever. Settling in Miss Ruby’s boardinghouse in Galveston, Texas, Rana finds success with her own busines—and cultivates a new look to go with her new life. Now her beautiful eyes are shielded behind tinted glasses, her famous figure hidden under shapeless dresses, her trademark wild hair falling straight down her back. Rana knows she’ll never attract a man this way, and that’s just fine with her—that is, until Ruby’s nephew, football star Trent Gamblin, moves in to nurse his injured shoulder. Ruggedly handsome, charming, and undeniably charismatic, Trent is the kind of man that Rana finds irresistible...the kind of man she is certain would never look twice at a woman as ordinary as the new Rana. But to her surprise, Trent seems unfazed by her Plain Jane look. For he is drawn to a beauty that Rana can’t hide. He is determined to learn the mystery behind the elusive, reclusive boarder with the secret past. To do so, he proposes an unusual pact: they will only be friends, nothing more.As the days pass, Rana and Trent are drawn together in a sensual idyll unlike anything either of them has ever known. But the outside world cannot be kept at bay forever. And Rana fears that when Trent learns the truth about her past, he’ll feel betrayed and deceived. Even worse, he’ll never be able to see her as she truly is. Then an unexpected tragedy strikes, and the stakes seem higher than ever. Now they must look deep into each other’s heart to determine if their relationship is just an impossibly erotic dream—or a dream of love come true.