"Brimming with stories of sacrifice, courage, commitment and, sometimes, failure, the book will support anyone pondering a major life choice or risk without force-feeding them pat solutions." --"Publishers Weekly "What should I do with my life? It's a question many of us have pondered with frequency. Author Po Bronson was asking himself that very question when he decided to write this book--an inspiring exploration of how people transform their lives and a template for how we can answer this question for ourselves. Bronson traveled the country in search of individuals who have struggled to find their calling, their true nature--people who made mistakes before getting it right. He encountered people of all ages and all professions--a total of fifty-five fascinating individuals trying to answer questions such as: Is a career supposed to feel like a destiny? How do I tell the difference between a curiosity and a passion? Should I make money first, to fund my dream? If I have a child, will my frustration over my work go away? Should I accept my lot, make peace with my ambition, and stop stressing out? Why do I feel guilty for thinking about this? From their efforts to answer these questions, the universal truths in this book emerge. Each story in these pages informs the next, and the result is a journey that unfolds with cumulative power. Reading this book is like listening in on an intimate conversation among people you care about and admire. Even if you know what you should do with your life, you will find wisdom and guidance in these stories of people who found meaningful answers by daring to be honest with themselves. Among them: -the Pittsburgh lawyer whodecided to become a trucker so he could savor the moment and be closer to his son. -the toner-cartridge queen of Chicago, who realized that her relationships with men kept sabotaging her career choices. -the Cuban immigrant who overcame the strong dis-approval of her parents and quit her high-paying job to pursue social-service work in Miami. -the chemistry professor who realized, quite late in life, that he would rather practice law. -the mother torn between an Olympic career and her adolescent daughter. -the seventeen-year-old boy who received a letter from the Dalai Lama and was called to a life of spiritual leadership. -the creator of "St. Elmo's Fire, who wasn't sure he could quit his successful Hollywood life for the deeper artistic life he had always wanted to pursue. -the author himself. Po Bronson has worked as a bus-boy, cook, janitor, sports-medicine intern, bus-lift assembly-line technician, aerobics instructor, litigation consultant, greeting-card designer, bond salesman, political-newsletter editor, high school teacher, and book publisher. Since then, he has written three books: Bombardiers, The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest, and The Nudist on the Late Shift. But none of those experiences compared to what he learned by writing this book. "We all have passions if we choose to see them," he writes. "Most of us don't get epiphanies. We don't get clarity. Our purpose doesn't arrive neatly packaged as destiny. We only get a whisper. A blank, nonspecific urge. That's how it starts." With humor, empathy, and insight, Po Bronson probes the depths of people who learned how to hear the whisper, who overcame fear and confusion to find a largertruth about their lives. A meditation, a journey, and a triumph of story-telling, What Should I Do with My Life? is a life-changing book by a writer who brilliantly tackles the big questions.