With all the glamour, drama, and passion that have made Barbara Taylor Bradford an international favorite, Where You Belong is the captivating story of a beautiful young woman making her way through a world filled with the dangers of war. A talented young American photographer, Valentine Denning leaves behind the comforts of her home in Paris to record the war in Kosovo from the front lines. Drawn together by the perils of war photojournalism, Val and one of her colleagues, the British Tony Hampton, find themselves in the throes of a romance that is tragically cut short when Val, Tony, and their American colleague Jake Newberg are caught in a nightmarish ambush. When Val wakes up in a Belgrade hospital, she learns that Tony has died. Later, when she and Jake attend Tony's memorial service in London, Val's memories of Tony are gravely shaken by the realization that throughout their relationship he had lied, telling her that he was divorced. Reeling from his death and betrayal, Val and Jake return home to Paris, where they recover from their wounds and try to make sense of Tony's lies to both of them. As they begin to build a relationship and leave the events of the war behind them, Jake confesses his longtime love for her. But for Val, peace with herself is elusive, as she tries to reconcile her love of photography with the perils of her career, not to mention the claims on her heart. The desire for a fresh new beginning leads her to trade the grueling world of war photojournalism for a glamorous position as a photographer of celebrities--which lands her in Mexico, snapping the dashing Alexander St. Just Stevens (born Bill Smith in Leeds, England), an artist of international renown whose reputation as a playboy doesn't steel him against a powerful attraction to Val. Finding a new mode of photojournalism--and a new admirer--still can't ease her sense of searching for something, a sense that will lead her to retrace paths she thought were left behind. Where You Belong is a moving story about a young woman's realization of her own inner strength and her ability to find her way to where she belongs in life...in love...and within herself.