""Women everywhere are birthing a new vision of women's health and wellness, and of identity. Central to this vision is that we trust what we know in our bones, that our bodies are our allies, and that they will always point us in the direction we need to go next."" "Like mind-body medicine pioneers Deepak Chopra and Bernie Siegel, Dr. Christiane Northrup has long been convinced of the connection between emotional suffering and physical illness. In her experiences as a physician she saw how emotional and psychological trauma contributed to women's obstetrical and gynecological ailments." "In 1985 she left her lucrative group medical practice, determined to create a new kind of health care practice to help women change the basic conditions of their lives that lead to health problems. Today, at the acclaimed holistic health center, Women to Women, she and her colleagues use their dramatic discoveries in mind-body medicine to show women how to heal by listening to their bodies' own wisdom - the vital messages they can receive from each organ and process unique to the female body." "In this influential book Dr. Northrup tells the powerful and poignant stories of patients who healed their diseases by attending to and healing the emotional wounds that they experience in the context of their everyday lives. She also tells how healthy women can appreciate their female bodies and organs and create and maintain their wellness. Her new vision of women's health and wellness has helped thousands of women move toward optimal well-being, joy and fulfillment. Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom can guide you on your own healing journey to recognize the wisdom inherent in each of your body's processes - from menstruation through menopause, understand how and why these processes are part of your personal inner guidance system, learn how to give your body the support and caring it needs for optimal health, learn to tune in to the messages behind your symptoms and how to decode the language of your body and its needs, discover the disease-causing effects of cultural beliefs on women's health, understand what emotional pain does to the body, learn health-enhancing behaviors that will help you create health daily rather than waiting for symptoms or disease to occur, learn how the power of honestly "naming" your experience can dramatically improve your health, and learn ways to enhance your positive energy flow to improve your health." "Our bodies are still our allies in the search for health and healing. Only by listening to what they teach us can we move to a greater understanding of ourselves and our lives as women today. Listening to the wisdom of our female bodies is the path to self-discovery and joy."--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved