AN INTERNATIONAL SENSATION AND A NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER THAT SOLDOVER 50 MILLION COPIES THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE ON SELF-HEALING, AFFIRMATIONS, AND THE POWER OF THE MIND TO HEAL THE BODY “Louise Hay writes to your soul—where all healing begins. I love this book . . . and I love Louise Hay.” — Dr. Wayne W. Dyer, author of 10 Secrets for Success and Inner Peace and The Power of Intention You Can Heal Your Life has transformed the lives of millions of people. This is a book that people credit with profoundly altering their awareness of the impact that the mind has on health and wellbeing. In this inspirational book by the late world-renowned bestselling author and self-help pioneer Louise Hay, you’ll find profound insight into the relationship between the mind and the body. Exploring the way that limiting thoughts and ideas control and constrict us, she offers us a powerful key to understanding the roots of our physical dis-eases and discomforts. Full of positive affirmations, this practical guidebook will change the way you think forever! Louise Hay, bestselling author, is an internationally known leader in the self-help field. Her key message is: "If we are willing to do the mental work, almost anything can be healed." Louise Hay had a great deal of experience and firsthand information to share about healing, including how she cured herself after being diagnosed with cancer. Chapters of You Can Heal Your Life Include: Part 1 - Introduction · Suggestions to My Readers · Some Points of My Philosophy · What I believe Part II - A Session with Louise · What Is the Problem? · Where Does It Come From? · Is It True? · What Do We Do Now? · Resistance To Change · How To Change · Building The New · Daily Work Part III - Putting These Ideas to Work · Relationships · Work · Success · Prosperity · The Body · The List “My message is simple and not confined by borders: You Can Heal Your Life has been translated into over 40 languages throughout the world and continues to heal, transform and empower the lives of so many people. To this day, I am moved by the stories of profound changes that positive affirmations have made in so many lives. I am also pleased that my work has been embraced not only by my generation, but those who have followed. To those of you who may be new to using affirmations, I’d like to share with you the following: Every thought we think and every word we speak creates our future. Life is really very simple. What we give out, we get back. What we think about ourselves becomes the truth for us. I believe that everyone, myself included, is responsible for everything in our lives, the best and the worst. Affirmations are like seeds that you plant and expect to grow. I urge you to discover the power of affirmations as there are no limits to what they can bring. All is well, you are safe. Life loves you, and so do I. —Louise Hay