When a sadistic act of violence leaves a woman dead... When a tainted piece of evidence lets her killer walk... How far would you go to see justice done? From "New York Times bestselling author Tami Hoag comes a taut, terrifying thriller as chilling as "Night Sins, as nerve-shattering as "Guilty as Sin. When murder erupts in a small Southern town, Tami Hoag leads readers on a frightening journey to the shadowy boundary between attraction and obsession, law and justice--and exposes the rage that lures people over... Pamela Bichon's killer is free, the case against him dismissed on a technicality. In the eyes of the law it doesn't matter that the prosecutor's key piece of evidence proves Marcus Renard's guilt beyond a shadow of a doubt. All that matters is that the evidence was never listed on a search warrant and it was seized by a detective with a questionable past and a nasty reputation. But the investigation isn't over--not for Cajun cop Nick Fourcade, who stands accused of planting the evidence. He's stepped over the line before and this case could push him over the edge. His orders are to move on, but obsession fills his mind with the nightmare images of Pamela Bichon's agonizing death, of Marcus Renard's arrogant triumph, and of his own capacity for exacting vengeance. Deputy Annie Broussard can't walk away from the homicide either. She found the body. She still hears the phantom echoes of dying screams, still feels the shadow of a woman taken by violence and denied justice. But pursuing the investigation will mean forming an uneasy alliance with Fourcade, a man she doesn't trust. It will mean subjecting herself to growing harassment from her fellowcops. And it will mean letting herself be drawn into the confidence of a suspected killer. As Fourcade challenges her again and again to reach deeper into the case and into her own soul, Annie will find herself at the center of a maze of treachery and deceit. And the closer she draws to the brutal truth, the deadlier the chase will become. The search for the truth has begun--one that will lead down a twisted trail through the steamy bayous of Louisiana, and deep into the darkest reaches of the human heart.