MAYO CLINIC COMPLETE BOOK OF PREGNANCY & BABY`S FIRST YEAR For more than a century, the health care professionals at Mayo Clinic have dedicated themselves to the well-being of the family. And in the life of the family, what more significant event can there be than the birth of a baby? Beginning with the decision to start a family, this comprehensive book guides parents through each phase of pregnancy, birth, and baby's all-important first year. Every page offers compassionate, clear answers to the many questions and decisions that accompany conceiving, giving birth, and caring for a treasured new life. Part One0--Pregnancy Expectant parents learn how to choose a medical caregiver; what prenatal tests are done and why; what you can do about some of the common discomforts of pregnancy; sensible nutrition and safe exercise routines during pregnancy; balancing work and pregnancy; plus an easy-to-understand, trimester-by-trimester breakdown of what to expect as your pregnancy progresses. A special eight-page section features color photographs of how the baby develops during pregnancy. Part Two--Childbirth Today's many birthing options are explained in full, and a detailed description of labor and birth helps parents anticipate this powerful experience. A thorough discussion of baby's first hours addresses every parent's question: "Is my baby OK?" Premature birth, cesarean birth, complications, and adoption are discussed, and an important chapter focuses on the new mother's health after childbirth. Part Three--Living with and Understanding Your Baby The first months of parenthood can be a jumble ofjoy and worry. Here you'll find clear explanationsof baby-care essentials, including feeding, soothing and playing with your baby, and how to handle common illnesses and emergencies. Text and photographs detail baby's development during the crucial first year. Part Four--From Partners to Parents: A Family Is Born A new baby profoundly changes family roles and relationships. This section helps mothers, fathers, grandparents, and siblings strengthen their bonds asthey welcome a tiny new member into their home. With more than 130 contributors from Mayo's distinguished staff of obstetricians, family physicians, pediatricians, parent educators, nurses, dietitians, social workers, and other medical specialists-plus contributions from dozens of parents-this extraordinary book is a valuable resource for all expectant parents and young families. Widely regarded as one of the world's foremost medical centers, Mayo evolved from the nation's first group medical practice, established by Drs. William and Charles Mayo more than 100 years ago. Mayo provides family-oriented health care to pregnant women and their babies for both normal and high-risk pregnancies and births. Nearly 2,000 babies are born at Mayo each year. Consistently rated one of the best providers of health care in the world, Mayo is also the world's largest medical center--a full-service diagnostic and treatment institution embracing state-of-the-art medical care. There are Mayo Clinics in Rochester, Minnesota; Jacksonville, Florida; and Scottsdale, Arizona, as well as a broad system of affiliate practices and managed-care networks in other regions.