I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it? Would we change if we knew what waits beyond space and time? “With One, the ninth novel from the ever spiritual and imaginative author of Jonathan Livingston Seagull, [Richard] Bach continues his quest for a deeper understanding of human nature. . . . Although the elements of a great science fiction novel are present, the plot is secondary to the novel's theme of humanity's ability to control destiny”—The Boston Herald “If you have ever tried to judge a book by its cover . . . One lives up to this question [in the headline] . . . and more . . . Bach gives the reader much to ponder, so much so in some chapters that the thoughtful may be tempted to read no more than a page at a sitting. Not because it's cumbersome reading, but because the ideas are worth savoring.”—USA Today “One is a provocative book . . . it gives beautiful, hope-filled answers.”—Indianapolis News “Uplifting . . . Each of the inspirational set pieces preaches the same message: of the power of each individual to choose the ways of peace, brotherhood and love, to live with a reverence for nature and at harmony with the universe. Back again displays an inventive imagination and inspirational zeal.”—Publishers Weekly “One presents a number of provocative speculations: What would it be like to meet yourself when you were older or younger? How would your life turn out if you had made different choices, split up with your spouse, been born in a different time and place? . . . With love and hope as their guides and ‘what matters most’ as their destination, the Bachs touch down in different times and places, where they commune with some of their alternative selves.”—The New York Times Book Review “This is a strange and though-provoking fantasy from the man who gave us Jonathan Livingston Seagull and Illusions, one that is imaginative, playful, and, in places, startling in concept.”—The Anniston Star “Instead of soaring and diving through space, passengers on this flight must be prepared to cruise slowly, making several stops to look at their motivation and lifestyles as the Bachs look at their own.”—Detroit Free Press