It Takes a Cat to Write the Purr-fect Mystery. From award-winning author Rita Mae Brown and her equally celebrated feline collaborator, Sneaky Pie Brown, comes another delightfully suspenseful mystery featuring that most cunning of creatures and uncanny of sleuths, famed tiger cat Mrs. Murphy. This time out, the irrepressible Mrs. Murphy finds herself paw-deep in a compelling case of old ties, old sins, and all-too-present danger. Emotions are running high around tiny Crozet, Virginia, among the Class of 1980, as plans get under way for the upcoming twentieth high school reunion. There's nothing like a reunion to stir up memories, rivalries, and insecurities. It's even put Crozet's normally placid postmistress, Mary Minor "Harry" Haristeen, who's on the organizing committee, on edge, as she wonders if everything will come together on time. Still, when each member of the class receives an anonymous letter edged in the Crozet High School colors that reads "You'll never get old," Harry takes it as a compliment. Others think it's a joke. But even blitzed out on fresh catnip, Mrs. Murphy senses a much more sinister meaning. And the sly tiger cat is soon proven right...when divinely handsome Charlie Ashcraft, the class womanizer, turns up dead with a bullet between his eyes. At first folks around Crozet figure that when a man is sleeping with other men's wives, trouble is sure to follow. But when another threatening note to the members of the Class of 1980 is followed by the murder of a second classmate, it becomes all too clear that someone is determined to spoil this reunion...someone who has waited twenty years to take bitter revenge. What could have happened so long ago totrigger such rage? While Harry, whose high school memories consist of football games and first love, tries to make sense of the crimes, it's up to Mrs. Murphy, her feline pal Pewter, and the corgi Tee Tucker to try to sniff out the truth. Yet when ugly rumors surface and Harry herself has a brush with violence, Mrs. Murphy is the first to realize that in the killer's mind, Harry's been chosen Most Likely to Die. And now, unless the daring tiger cat and her animal pals can stop a relentless killer, Crozet High's twentieth reunion may very well be Harry Haristeen's last....