Why are Gerald Ford, Ted Koppel, Billy Graham, Leonard Lauder, Mario Cuomo, Robert Redford, Gloria Steinem, Peter Ueberroth, Walter Mondale, Lou Holtz, Norman Vincent Peale, and so many other successful people raving about this book? First, look through the testimonials that fill the opening pages. You will see that: Many of the most Important and successful people in America think that Harvey Mackay is one of the most remarkable men in America -- and that this is a remarkable book. Then, turn to any page of the text. You'll see in an instant what so many people are excited about.Would you like to succeed in BUSINESS?Harvey offers you dozens of tips on how to: "Outsell" by getting appointments withpeople who absolutely, positively do not want to see you, and then making them glad they said "yes ""Outmanage" by arming yourself with information on prospects, customers, and competitors that the CIA would envy -- using a system called the "Mackay 66." "Outmotivate" by using his insights to help yourself or your kids join the ranks of America's one million millionaires."Outnegotiate" by knowing when to "smile and say no" and when to "send in the clones."Would you like to succeed in LIFE? This book is about being successful in whatever you do Harvey Mackay is the type of honest, enterprising, and dedicated winner we'd all like to emulate. Swim with the Sharks is good news for anyone who wants to be a winner in any field of human endeavor. DIVE IN Fortune magazine called Harvey Mackay "Mr. Make-Things-Happen." During a dynamic and productive life, Harvey Mackay has made many things happen. He's a man who: At age 26, bought a failing envelope company that today is a multimillion-dollar corporation producing over 10,000,000 envelopes per day.Was the catalyst to get the $75 million Metrodome built in Minneapolis.Spearheaded the famed $6 million "Twins Ticket Buyout" to keep the World Series Champion Twins in Minnesota.Has devoted countless hours of service to numerous boards, charities, and business organizations.